Yes, Shen Tianlan
I would rather see a scheming woman like me
I don't want to look at you
Why don't you go home and look in the mirror?
It's only a matter of time before Shen Tianlan abandons you
Family like his
How can I really care about you?
Xu Xi, do you dare to bet with me?
What are you afraid to fight?
Okay, then you can call Shen Tianlai now
Let him come with you
Do you dare what?
Xiaoxi call him
Humph
Shen Tianlan
I'm at the mall on Boulevard.
Can you come over to me, Xu Xi?
The royal sister has to pay the price
You think clearly
Ha Xu Xi Ah Xu Xi
You are just a kitten and a puppy owned by their rich people
If you don't like it, you will be kicked out.
Shut your mouth for me
you
Okay, let's go
I want to go
Wasn't he quite arrogant when he bet just now?
What more do you want?
Apologize to me.